Add FAQ about PIN recovery (#291)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

It’s part of BIP39.
:::

:::details

> ### I forgot my lockscreen PIN, can I recover the wallet?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I forgot my lockscreen PIN, what should I do?
```

> Yes, as described in the settings, you can just delete it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the settings, you can just delete it.
```

> Open the `UiConfig.json` and make sure about these entries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the `UiConfig.json` and set these entries as follows:
```
